1. Paging code would not compile and was throwing Error: no such instruction: `typedef struct
Solution: had to add #ifndef ASM to header file

2. System started crashing after introducing paging.
Solutions:
    The register changes had to happen in kernel.c not in boot.s
    The video memory address was not mapped correctly
    The kernel memory had to have a user_supervisor value of 1

3. Unit test for Overflow Exception wasn't firing when we tried adding one to
the largest possible integer (0x7FFFFFFF). After reading the docs, we realized
that while the overflow bit in RFLAGS was set to 1, we also had to execute the 
INTO instruction to trigger the Overflow exception.

4. We had a great deal of difficulting with assembly linkage for exceptions. In 
the exceptions_def.S file we defined global names for every type of exception
(such as .globl DIVIDE_ZERO) and later in the document defined the necessary
value to pass to the exception handler. However, we kept getting an error stating
it couldn't find the definition of DIVIDE_ZERO or any of the exceptions. We
solved this by adding .text to the top of exceptions_def.S

5. When setting up IDT, we didn't know what to set the reserved3 field to for each
IDT entry. This resulted in the exceptions not being called. After looking at the documentation, 
we realized that for the exception entries in the IDT, they use a trap gate instead of an 
interrupt gate, and according to the x86 manual, the reserved3 bit should be set to 1
instead of 0 to reflect that.

6. When testing our RTC, nothing was showing up in the terminal. rtc_init was
being called in kernel.c, but the rtc handler was never being called. We realized
we had to call enable_irq(2); at the end of our PIC init function to connect the
slave PIC to the master PIC (cascading essentially). Our RTC was correctly connected 
to the slave so that fixed our problem.

7. We forgot to send EOI (end of interrupt) for the keyboard handler, so the PIC
got stuck processing the same interrupt. Adding that allowed us to continue pressing
other keys.